Target repo: UI (QA benchmark runner)

Goal

Make the QA harness reflect the true final AFR run state instead of treating poll timeout as the final result.

Poll timeout is only an observer limitation. AFR is the source of truth.

Current problem

The QA harness polls runs for ~90 seconds.

If polling expires, the UI shows:

Poll timeout (still running)

However the run may later complete, fail, or clarify in AFR.

This causes the QA dashboard to display incorrect results.

Required behaviour

1. When the poll loop expires:

Do NOT finalize the test result immediately.

Instead:

enter temporary observer state:

status = "poll_expired_reconciling"

2. Immediately fetch the run state from AFR using run_id.

3. Reconcile the result using AFR truth.

If AFR says:

completed → mark row Completed

failed → mark row Failed

clarifying → mark row Clarifying

running/pending but within execution timeout → keep temporary label:
"Polling expired – reconciling with AFR"

running/pending past Supervisor execution timeout → mark Timeout

4. Update qa_run_metrics using the reconciled AFR truth.

Do not persist observer timeout guesses.

Example:

Poll expired at 90s
AFR completed at 110s

Persist:

status = completed
system_status = healthy

NOT timeout.

5. Update the QA dashboard row after reconciliation.

Rows must not remain stuck in:

Poll timeout (still running)

if AFR later shows a final state.

6. Ensure qa-progress uses the same reconciled values from qa_run_metrics.

The progress charts must reflect AFR truth.

7. Optional metadata (for debugging):

metadata:

{
  poll_expired: true,
  afr_final_state: "completed"
}

But the UI should show the final truth.

Final display states allowed

Completed
Failed
Clarifying
Timeout

Temporary observer state only:

Polling expired – reconciling with AFR

Deliverables

After implementing, report:

1. Files changed
2. Old polling behaviour
3. New reconciliation flow
4. Example where a previous "poll timeout" now resolves to Completed
5. Confirmation that QA dashboard and qa-progress now reflect AFR truth