Okay, we have it set up, or we are setting up so that we have the user chat in Wishbone UI. We have Wishbone Supervisor. Wishbone Supervisor does some extra thinking on the side as an extra brain. It sends the odd email with some new leads it's found, etc., from signals sent by the Wishbone UI. It also interacts with the chat, so the supervisor will drop in and say, I've done some extra work here, and I found these other leads. Is this of interest? But there are two parts to this whole project. One is to create a useful tool for people, and we've been doing that. The other is to sell it to them and to make them realize it's useful, and that is by engaging with them, etc. So we need to have possibly a separate workflow function that the Wishbone Supervisor does in the background, which is to monitor users and their use. So, for example, if someone signs up and types something in to the chat and has a quick look, is for it to follow it up a couple of days' data with something relevant, like, Hi, are you still looking for these types of businesses or whatever they put in? And to have an intelligent chat, but it's only in an email to see if they'll respond and click again. And to say, click here to open it up and have a chat with me. And or to make the decision to say, Hi, are you still interested in looking for dentists in Bristol? Because I've found a whole list of new ones. This would be the really important thing for people is new ones that are planned or upcoming. I believe that for most businesses, the idea of finding someone new and a potential customer that's not a new customer to them, but a general new type of business that would buy from them is a good bet. Because if you're just setting up a coffee shop and you haven't yet found your coffee roastery distributor to provide your coffee for you, then the first one that walks in that's maybe local may be the one you buy from. So that's a very good sort of solid example of where a lot of businesses may find it useful that new examples that are opening up or have just opened up that they may not know about is something they'd be interested in. Something that they could easily just Google previously isn't that exciting and they may well have already done it. A brewery will already know every single freehouse pub within a certain mile radius of it. But if a new micro pub that always likes to buy beer from different local independent breweries pops up and they didn't know about it, they probably lost out on some sales there. So that's a good example of that. So we need the wishbone supervisor to be going through and analyzing usage and what people are doing. And if they then don't click or use it for a while is then to send them an email as well to make that decision. So we should be making regular contact. And it could be that someone that uses it really regularly ends up with more emails because they want that and they like it. Even maybe we say, are you happy with these types of emails? Or get them to click on it and say, you know, if you'd like me to. One of the one of the brilliant features of the wishbone UI is that it will do scheduled monitors, but they have to set those up. So we have to kind of prompt them or create them for them and get them to start using them. For example, if a brewery was using it is to say, would you like me to set up a scheduled monitor looking for new micro pubs in the areas you deliver to? Because if a new one opens up, I'm guessing that's a good bet for a sale, is it not? How does that sound? Shall I set that up for you? So once they start setting this up and then we engage and then they start to maybe use it more and add them themselves and using and and we have to assume that human psychology and human behavior is that that they need to get into something. So then use it more and more and for it to then be their sort of go to tool to go and do something. I think, oh, that'll be it'll be easier if I use that. But if they don't know that it's easier and they haven't used it before, then they're not going to. They're also going to shy away from anything that creates more work for them naturally. If they are a brewer, they would prefer to brew beer. They're probably not a salesperson for salespeople, potentially. Yes, but even they may feel that they're subconsciously creating more work for themselves by finding more leads. So we have to make it easy for them to reduce the amount of work they're doing, not increase it. We need to make things easier, not harder and longer. It's all very well coming up with, you know, potentially a list of 10,000 potential really, really good customers. But that has just created a huge amount of work, particularly if the person who is using it isn't necessarily the one that benefits from the end gain of all these customers, because that might be the business owner or shareholders, but that individual person may not gain. So what does that person, what does the hamster on the wheel gain immediately from doing this in terms of saving time, saving work and making life easier for themselves? That's where they'll want to use it and that's where they'll want to pay for it. So that's another element that we need to add in as another slot into Wishbone Supervisor, which is engaging through emails. So we need to track the emails and track the clicks on when they reopen the app, which I assume we can do, because once it opens up, it opens up with their user email, which is in the email and logs them in. And it tracks that so we can see what's happening there and when they click on it and what they type. So all those things are logged and they're interaction. And the more people we have, the more we can see how it works. And then over time, we should be able to then go back and look at not just the individual, but look at the, say we have 100 users going and every so often using it. We can then start to look at all of those and see which emails and what sort of content they respond to best. And ideally, I think probably the main thing is interaction. That's what we should be aiming for. The more they interact with it, the better it is. That's probably the aim. That's the metric we need to be looking at.